Update /5/ urls (#741)
plone/training: docs/effective-volto/architecture/bootstrap-volto.md

```

```{tip}

> This setup is meant only for demonstration and quick testing purposes (since it destroys the container on exit (--rm)). In case you need production ready deployment, check the training {doc}`plone-deployment/index`.

Reviewer: I forgot a slash. Also a little housekeeping.

```suggestion
This setup is meant only for demonstration and quick testing purposes (since it destroys the container on exit (`--rm`)).
In case you need production ready deployment, check the training {doc}`/plone-deployment/index`.
```

> This setup is meant only for demonstration and quick testing purposes (since it destroys the container on exit (--rm)). In case you need production ready deployment, check the latest [Plone Deployment Training](https://training.plone.org/plone-deployment/index.html).

Reviewer: Let's take advantage of Sphinx syntax.

```suggestion
This setup is meant only for demonstration and quick testing purposes (since it destroys the container on exit (--rm)). In case you need production ready deployment, check the training {doc}`plone-deployment/index`.
```
